**QUIZ NO \#01**

**MEMBERS NAME AND IDS:-**

1.  **SYED AMIR ALI RIZVI(63120)**

2.  **MUHAMMAD ZUHAIB ASIM(63173)**

3.  **SYED ALI MUZAFFAR()**

**DISCRIPTION: -**

Miss Hira Anwar is an assistant professor in PAF-KIET university. She is single,
never married, and dedicated to her work. She loves her job and feels as though
she was born to do it. She spends hours every day planning her lessons for her
students, and dedicates most of her time trying to come up with inventive and
fun ways to teach the children reading and math. She believes that a hands-on
approach to teaching is essential for a student’s growth and development. She
spends many hours a week online searching new lesson plans and ideas to help
make the learning experience fun and fulfilling for the students. But after the
pandemic on whole world, all country do a strict lockdown that’s why whole
university of our country is shutdowns. In these emergency condition the
university management take a brilliant step to do all classes online. But in
online classes the our teacher miss Hira Anwar face a many problem during
attends the classes first is that unknown students enter in the class with fake
name and then do annotation on share screen, during lecture students make a
noise on class by mic , and do untuneful messages on chat bot of meeting which
is very disturbing for the miss Hira Anwar and main problem is that some
students did not attend the whole class but on the attendance time they will
came an take a attendance regularly but they didn’t deserve attendance because
they didn’t take whole lecture but teacher cannot identify that person who
didn’t take the lecture but take its attendance, and also teacher face meeting
problems in which after every 40 minutes the meeting will ends because it was a
free meeting that’s why after every 40 minutes teacher need to remake the
meeting again and these thing lost many time of the class, after these teacher
also face the video and audio problem in the meeting because almost every
university use a zoom application that why the overload the server of the zoom
and face many critical problems which is very disturbing for the teacher to
attends the online classes.

**TASK: -**

1.  To solve the problem of audio and video which caused by the overloading of
    servers.

2.  Do unlimited meeting time insists of 40-minute limit time of meeting.

3.  Attendance problem which is very important.

4.  Do a restriction on enter in meeting, only person join whose use its
    original student id and name which are on LMS.

5.  Only teacher can use annotation on share screen.

6.  Restrict the mic when students have a question they will says to teacher and
    then teacher open its mic.

7.  Chat bot restrict only teacher can receive messages.

**GULF OF EXECUTIONS AND EVALUATIONS: -**

**1. Attendance Issues:**

One problem that can come up during online lectures can be attendance of
students as students don’t come up at the time of lecture but they enter in the
end for the attendance. This is a waste of a teacher’s time and hard work. In
order to solve the attendance issues that come up during the lecture for Miss
Hira, our application will have a feature which will note the time spent by a
student in that online class and a time limit will be set by the instructor and
a student, then have to spent that time to mark his/her attendance.

**2. Meeting Time:**

Meeting time limit is also one of the issues faced on Zoom as free meetings ends
after 40 minutes which can disrupt a lecture’s rhythm. This problem can be
solved by making the time unlimited or increasing the time limit more so that
this problem can be prevented.

**3. Zoom-Bombing:**

A very common problem faced in Zoom meetings is random people come up with fake
names and disturbing the class environment by making noises or many more things.
This issue can be resolved by introducing a privacy system in the application
which will let only those students enter which are authenticated by the teacher.

**4. Server Overloading**

Voice and video scrambling can be experienced very commonly on Zoom as their
application is used by thousands of people worldwide and their server is
therefore overloaded. Our application will be limited to a region which will
make the server load light.

**Prototype:-**
